okay for part let's see let's see
what happened okay dasas just posted
this tweet saying that and warning that he's
going to upload a video I understand that on
the main channel Okay what game did
Willy Rex do is the title of the video that he's going to
upload okay And there I explain everything to
those who don't understand the question and it only makes
them laugh my anger wait for it
soon to give the review well let's see I
stand by my opinion that I gave the other
day okay eh
sincerely I think Dallas would have
won much more if I had been
calmer Okay I know that I haven't been
calm in some of my controversies and I
've yelled and I've cried and I've
probably insulted too but I try to
take time to control myself why Because
that way you make people understand you better
and people listen to you basically because
I don't know if the same thing happened to you as
to me but for me the thing about
Willy Rey's scream when he got up to scream okay I did
n't understand I didn't understand what he was
trying to say or that he was
even trying to argue I mean it
was just screams and  screams and screams
and I was like [ __ ] [ __ ] He's gonna have a heart attack
okay And I think that if he had
been more detained more detained
and he would have explained dude Look eh
with me if you dare to speak or if you get
wet and yet here there
whatever I think I would have won more and
maybe I would have even gotten
Delo to even
apologize it's that I had to calm him down
yeah pu like I threw a dart at him I don't know
what I'm doing I went I did like this two or three
times of course and then some people come out
saying no no it's that look it's not that you
silence him I'm going to silence him I'm
going to silence that but it's not
even bringing it up right not
even bringing it up not
even bringing it up well that's it he'll
know if he shouts man let's see if
we're debating that wasn't a debate okay if we're debating and be here well he talks the other talks the other talks he goes on for 10 minutes shouting like that no and he never lets the other one answer Well there will come a time when you
have to tell him guys you know but it's
just that he went into versec mode
and and  no and there was no way there was no way
where Sata the salsu Javi Where is the
gossip Javi Manuel I don't understand your
message what bothered me the most was that you
criticize in your moderation when it was
impossible to control Dallas because I would
like to see all those who have
said that and pointed that out uploading a
debate with Dalas and that they control it
you know but well let's see The Movida
as far as I
understand that happened ok we saw the
Dallas video I
sincerely reaffirm myself In my opinion I
mean in the end just as I think that Delos didn't have to
burn Dallas
I also think that Dallas would have his right
and had his right to make a video about
Delo but thanks Manuel answer giving
to the reasons for the video what I
mean question you also his
cryptocurrency issues question his courses
question everything that maybe
bothered you about his podcasts or whatever you
know but for me there was a point of
personal issues that to me was too much and that
looks terrible in front of the public too okay I mean
not only in front of the
public but it is wrong or I mean
sincerely that no no  I can't find a
way to see it okay now
after delo brings up conversations
or whatever well now yes a
little bit
okay of course delo
says this is the audio about Willy Rex
that Dallas didn't let me put in the debate
and it's not that he published the
audio he published a video showing
the entire conversation of what he
was talking about that day not a
question why haven't you created a
shitty Coin meme why have you never created
a shitty Coin meme and delox says to him
because I'm not a Senegalese scammer don't you think
One please midón And he says Hahahaha Well I've
almost
decided that I'll do it That's
where there's a lot of money
to do Super free if you don't do an r
if you don't do a rus Pull I understand no what was it about
eh take the money no and
are you fair with the tokenomics that
tokenomic if I'm not mistaken from what they
were talking about here the other day it was
eh
[Music]
the like some terms no I mean they were like some
terms a Red Bull like some
terms no what I do have  a couple of
doubts like if a Tas is better I don't know
what I don't know how much I want
Met Money first whoever puts in Money first takes out money
for sure you don't do it alone because it's
purely speculative or what I went to
several meetings with nook x and really
all the [ __ ] people there are
making 99% of their money with meme Coin
AIDS let's see dasas I would be honest with
you don't get into that kind of gardens it doesn't
bring anything good And also on the one hand it
seems a little hypocritical on your part
because er is the first one who complains that
Willy the nfts and I don't know what when at
least Willy's nfts had an
objective a task that later turned out
better worse or whatever But at least
they invested money eh in trying to
create something cool something cutting edge and I tell you
today they have lost money with it
despite what they have taken they have
lost money because they have had to
put in much more to meet those
expectations that even so have not been
met making a mem Coin is
making a scam okay because in the end it is
a currency whose value eh resides  in the
pure insulation that you give it, that is to say, it
has no value and at some point when
people take profits That is
because there is someone who is serving as
exit liquidity That is to say that they are
putting in liquidity for others to take it
eh And they are simply
waiting at some point between another
as if it were a pyramid scheme or a
ponzi and from there they can take the money from the
other, so that is why I do not take out mem
coins or anything like this because it goes
against my values ​​now another
thing is that you say Look, I am going to make
a currency in which I am going to deposit
eh I am going to add liquidity always from the
benefits that I get from this project
And then whoever buys that
currency will be part of the project and I don't
know what and I don't know how many Well there you would
be trying to do like some
kind of
token action I meant where the gossip is
Javi Greetings there is no Manuel Today we barely have
the chat it is divided into Team of the
Team Dallas do not fight no no no In fact
we should do a survey no tesa you
can jarne Ivan
you can put it there  a survey Te
delox Team
Dallas or
crypto action Red Bull you daas or Rock p Dallas
sorry I had to make that
joke you Javi okay put you Javi
also put three options Javi graph
of a project with an objective that is
another topic but it is crap So
personally I would not get into it because
although you believe that nobody will
ever know that you are behind it In the end everything is
known the blockchain what it has is that
although on the one hand it is difficult to
trace whoever knows how to trace it finds it and it
stays there for life it cannot be
deleted so opinion and advice
from a friend do not get into it then do what you
want you are of legal age but
I would not
do it phew eh I think the text is worse
because the audio at the end ag a
kiss from a hypocrite nothing Willy started
selling a garbage project As if it were
a big deal in reality it was [ __ ]
[ __ ] it was going to be the mem Coin of [ __ ]
to try I am not going to say that it is any
project Dallas did not respond to delox he
only attacked him after this we are going to
read it now to see what I do not understand
delox spoke about that audio long before  He
said they were going to call him a hypocrite and he took
out a Coin meme but in that audio
dex calls Dallas dir
So he lied with something he never
said well let's see more or less if the
conversation is as they had told it
okay
fatality
Dallas delo finally ended up
defeating the evil
Dallas what I don't understand is why
this conversation, I mean as far as I
understood they were like half and
gibel also said that they were like half
agreeing not to
mention each other anymore each
one escalated the controversy a lot Well but
I think it's going to escalate much more it's
going to escalate much more I mean for me
personally after what happened the other day
until dawn the one that would have
interested the two the most would have
been each one for their own to stop it and be gone in
a couple of days it stays there but this is not
going to stop because Valeria a kiss But I do
n't understand why Why is delox bringing
this out
today why does Javi let me ask you a
question what application do you use to have
the Twitch and YouTube chat running live at the same
time
Today is the one that everyone uses
How curious the results of the
survey  Javi's chat is not supposed to be
pambisitos what is the result let's
see am I going to vote for myself
Ah no it doesn't come out What are the
results Team delos 48 Team Javi 37
Team Dalas
16 but the kid like very fast I can't
read eh I can't
read you do another survey without you out of
curiosity says Elena okay come on do another one
without me do another one without me
okay dasas has responded to this with
this screenshot that I'm going to
try to read you
next I want to explain the reality
of those messages are before taking anything out
I always said that I wanted to receive
money for that project for something I worked
and did all the marketing myself and that's why I
told people if they wanted to
donate something to me what happened in the end was that I
couldn't use it to make a
profit Elena send yourself an audio if you
want Give me your opinion on the
subject Since the sex ask for a lot for the
list for that same reason I told them to
donate tokens that they donated 30
million to me precisely to be able to have
some
benefit absolutely no
crypto project is a [ __ ] NGO do they think that
people work for free or that  they don't take
profit the only idiot who didn't take
profit and on top of that spent his own
money was me in the [ __ ] history of
crypto because my inexperience got the better of me
seeing the graph go up and not selling when I
should have the Hispanic community
seems to be the only one who is surprised by
this wings I knew that his meme Coin was going to
be [ __ ] even so he
aggressively advertised it to his community if you didn't
buy you were mentally ill that he would make
his community rich that they were on
sale
etcetera To me the way to promote it I
already told you Okay and I said it here the
other day too obviously it was not the one you have to
have okay
the meme Coin issue this one but let's
not the meme Coin dude let's see the meme
Coins even more but almost all the
cryptocurrencies except the
main ones for me it is what it is I mean
let's see and the meme Coin is
especially worth it for not better Team
salsa for a while I don't know if you have done it
and the mem Coins are what they are the meme
coins are what they are I mean the meme
coins are nothing I mean it has value
no  no no it's not the dollar it's not the euro it
's not iberdrola it's not Let's see no there's nothing
behind it okay I don't know what they're
thinking of doing now no and besides that it says
that it's going to be something that's not going to be a
meme Coin but as such the meme Coin
uncle shiva doge I mean I've
seen this on a lot of occasions well
speculation okay people
inflate it eh buying and when they sell it falls and the thing is
I already know what that is I'll give a
kiss I already know what that is I mean but
since the cryptocurrency came out I know what it
is finally it shows that
we are not pambitos on the Ghost
Crab King Channel
Ramón Today is the day and the
crab
Coin the crab Coin eh we're going to
do it eh the crab coi we're going to do it let's see I'll
take off this survey and
take another one of team Dallas and Team delox
out of curiosity what does Alena want and
Alena here is the one in charge I don't have to
apologize for trying to make
money at the beginning for something I worked
but on top of that in the end I didn't do it they
took profit thousands  of people
worth millions of dollars and I was
left eating my
snot delox is a pig who asked me to
stop talking about each other and I
decided to do it this way for peace but
Show the piece of conversation that
suits him to decontextualize a
past situation that has nothing to do
with the present for me this is over
the time has come to open the drawer of
[ __ ] and
that's it this pig dirty and
repulsive attack after having already been
lying about our
conversations is the one that broke the camel's back
what is happening in x that you earn
free insults for reporting the truth
if I like your content you should become
independent Not all are pambisito and you
are someone with good content greetings
Well but yesterday I had to make a
thread okay Well then let's wait Dallas
has a perspective of delox that we have
not seen yet that is why he is so angry peku
is not saying things as they are this
is about dex not
pambi but Dallas said that behind the
Coin meme is
him I do not understand your super chat
ger Well let's wait to see the
response
of let's wait to  see the answer of let's
see what I want to put but well HM
honestly the matter has become very
ugly eh but dala How do you talk about his
ex-girlfriend how low have you fallen he didn't give This is
a friend of dala she didn't give any details
nor do they know who she is but everyone is angry
delox shares private conversations
after saying that he wasn't
interested in a war all delox the
Hero we needed
Well mother of God
mother of
God mother of
God I don't think so if not He would have already
told us all the rest Let's see
now eh with this step on the part of
delox now it would be more
justified if Aha suddenly talas
attacks with everything he answers With everything Or whatever he
wants to do okay
and before in the video he made the other time
no the truth Dallas made a fool of himself quite a bit
Greetings Javi I would have
defended myself in another way maca Sugar a
kiss I would have defended myself in another
way the truth is I would have come in
here and put the points on
the gu